#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
about-time==3.1.1
    # via alive-progress
agate==1.9.1
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
alembic==1.16.5
    # via dagster
alive-progress==2.3.1
    # via elementary-data
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.13.2
    # via dagster
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   gql
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
azure-core==1.35.0
    # via azure-storage-blob
azure-storage-blob==12.26.0
    # via elementary-data
babel==2.17.0
    # via agate
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   gql
    #   posthog
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via elementary-data
boto3==1.40.21
    # via elementary-data
botocore==1.40.21
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   dagster-webserver
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   elementary-data
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via dbt-common
coloredlogs==14.0
    # via dagster
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via azure-storage-blob
daff==1.4.2
    # via dbt-core
dagster==1.11.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dagster-dbt
    #   dagster-gcp
    #   dagster-graphql
    #   dagster-pandas
    #   dagster-postgres
    #   dagster-webserver
dagster-dbt==0.27.8
    # via -r requirements.in
dagster-gcp==0.27.8
    # via -r requirements.in
dagster-graphql==1.11.8
    # via dagster-webserver
dagster-pandas==0.27.8
    # via dagster-gcp
dagster-pipes==1.11.8
    # via dagster
dagster-postgres==0.27.8
    # via -r requirements.in
dagster-shared==1.11.8
    # via dagster
dagster-webserver==1.11.8
    # via -r requirements.in
db-dtypes==1.4.3
    # via
    #   dagster-gcp
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas-gbq
dbt-adapters==1.16.5
    # via
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   dbt-core
dbt-bigquery==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dbt-common==1.28.0
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   dbt-core
dbt-core==1.10.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   elementary-data
dbt-extractor==0.6.0
    # via dbt-core
dbt-protos==1.0.348
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
dbt-semantic-interfaces==0.9.0
    # via dbt-core
deepdiff==7.0.1
    # via dbt-common
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
elementary-data==0.19.5
    # via -r requirements.in
fastjsonschema==2.21.2
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.19.1
    # via dagster
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via universal-pathlib
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   pandas-gbq
google-api-python-client==2.179.0
    # via dagster-gcp
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.2
    # via
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.111.0
    # via dbt-bigquery
google-cloud-bigquery[pandas]==3.36.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dagster-gcp
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   pandas-gbq
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-dataproc==5.21.0
    # via dbt-bigquery
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dagster-gcp
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   elementary-data
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-genai==1.32.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
gql[requests]==3.5.3
    # via dagster-graphql
grapheme==0.6.0
    # via alive-progress
graphene==3.4.3
    # via dagster-graphql
graphql-core==3.2.6
    # via
    #   gql
    #   graphene
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==3.2.0
    # via graphene
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-health-checking==1.74.0
    # via dagster
grpcio-status==1.74.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.30.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via google-genai
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via dbt-semantic-interfaces
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   agate
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   dbt-common
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   dagster-dbt
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via nbformat
leather==0.4.0
    # via agate
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
mashumaro[msgpack]==3.14
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthog
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via dbt-semantic-interfaces
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via mashumaro
multidict==6.6.4
    # via yarl
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via dbt-bigquery
networkx==2.8.8
    # via
    #   dagster-dbt
    #   dbt-core
    #   elementary-data
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   elementary-data
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   shapely
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via dagster-gcp
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
orjson==3.11.3
    # via dagster-dbt
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   dagster-dbt
    #   dagster-shared
    #   db-dtypes
    #   dbt-core
    #   elementary-data
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas-gbq
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dagster-pandas
    #   db-dtypes
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas-gbq
pandas-gbq==0.29.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via agate
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via jupyter-core
posthog==2.5.0
    # via elementary-data
propcache==0.3.2
    # via yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
protobuf==6.32.0
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-protos
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dagster-postgres
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   db-dtypes
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas-gbq
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   dagster-shared
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   elementary-data
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydata-google-auth==1.9.1
    # via pandas-gbq
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pymsteams==0.2.5
    # via elementary-data
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   graphene
    #   pandas
    #   posthog
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   uvicorn
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via agate
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via agate
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-core
    #   elementary-data
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   dagster-shared
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   uvicorn
ratelimit==2.2.1
    # via elementary-data
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   dagster
    #   dagster-dbt
    #   dagster-graphql
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   elementary-data
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
    #   gql
    #   posthog
    #   pymsteams
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   snowplow-tracker
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via gql
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   dagster-dbt
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
ruamel-yaml==0.18.15
    # via elementary-data
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.13.1
    # via boto3
shapely==2.1.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   dagster
    #   isodate
    #   oauth2client
    #   posthog
    #   python-dateutil
slack-sdk==3.36.0
    # via elementary-data
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
snowplow-tracker==1.1.0
    # via dbt-core
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   dagster
sqlglot[rs]==27.10.0
    # via dagster-dbt
sqlglotrs==0.6.1
    # via sqlglot
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via dbt-core
starlette==0.47.3
    # via
    #   dagster-graphql
    #   dagster-webserver
structlog==25.4.0
    # via dagster
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   elementary-data
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via google-genai
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==2.2.1
    # via dagster
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via dagster-shared
toposort==1.10
    # via dagster
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via dagster
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   nbformat
typer==0.17.3
    # via dagster-dbt
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   dagster-shared
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   graphene
    #   mashumaro
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   snowplow-tracker
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   dagster
    #   pandas
universal-pathlib==0.2.6
    # via dagster
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.35.0
    # via dagster-webserver
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchdog==5.0.3
    # via dagster
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   uvicorn
yarl==1.20.1
    # via gql
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
